1.
 What is problem solving?

 Solving a problem 
Define the problem. Find the real problem, not just the symptoms that result from the problem. When defining the problem, do not consider things that are extraneous matters, only what the actual problem is. You can consider the other issues later. Become familiar with the problem and understand it fully.
        For example, if your room is constantly messy, the problem might not be that you’re a messy person. It might be that you lack containers or places to put your items in an organized way.
        Try to be as clear and thorough as possible when defining the problem. If it is a personal issue, be honest with yourself as to the causes of the problem. If it is a logistics problem, determine exactly where and when the problem occurs.
        Determine whether the problem is real or self-created. Do you need to solve this problem or is this about something you want? Putting things in perspective can help you navigate the problem-solving process.

2.
Why it is important to understand a problem?

The plan/design to our solution will be based on our deep understanding of the problem or its root causes.
Understanding the problem is the first step in solving the problem and is a critical step.
Putting things in perspective can help you navigate the problem-solving process.
In order to find the right solution.
In order to devise and plan a right solution.
 Understand the problem.
Sometimes the problem lies in understanding the problem. 
 If you are unclear as to what needs to be solved, then you are probably going to get the wrong results.
  In order to show an understanding of the problem, you, of course, need to read the problem carefully.
  Sounds simple enough, but some people jump the gun and try to start solving the problem before they have read the whole problem.
  Once the problem is read, you need to list all the components and data that are involved. This is where you will be assigning your variable.

3.
Why it is important to make a plan how to solve the problem?

If we want to solve a problem , we need to understand the causes deeply.
A plan can help provide clarity to identify the problem.
Potential solutions are derived from the undertsanding of the problem.
A plan is our design to solve the problem.
A design will have weaknesses and strengths.
It will have a goals.
After we choose our make a plan, executing that plan can commence which will make us reach our wanted goals which are the solution to our problem.


Why it is important to make a plan how to solve the problem?

In order to take the steps needed to solve it.
Because a plan will help you make the solution or the needed function.
 Make important decisions first. Recognize the decisions you need to make and how they will contribute to solving your problem. Making decisions can help you move forward in solving your problems, so start by deciding on what to focus on, what needs to get done, and how you will go about doing it.
        For example, you might have several problems to solve and need to decide which ones to tackle first. Solving one problem may ease tension or take stress off of another problem.
        Once you make a decision, don’t doubt yourself. Be willing to look forward from that point on without wondering what would have happened had you chosen something else.
Devise a plan (translate).
When you devise a plan (translate), you come up with a way to solve the problem. 
 Setting up an equation, drawing a diagram, and making a chart are all ways that you can go about solving your problem.
Carry out the plan (solve).

4.
 Why it is important to divide the problem into small parts?

Dividing problems into small parts is very inportant as it allows us to address and treat each part independantly, this way if a solution has a certain bug it would not affect the rest of the solutions and it will be easier to identify and address.
To simplify. Simplify the problem. An overly-complicated problem can feel overwhelming and be difficult to solve. 
If there are multiple problems, break them down into smaller parts and deal with them individually. 
If you can break the problem down into the smallest terms, this will help you in understanding it and finding a solution.
        For example, if you need to turn in many assignments to pass a class, focus on how many you have to do and approach them one by one.
        
5.
 Why it is important to debug a solution? 

Debugging is walking through your plan and its execution and results. 
We debug to make sure that our plan and solution actually works under all needed conditions.
Assessing and reviewing is very important. Sometimes our solution is not perfect or misses certain aspects of the problem.
Debug the solution: Look back (check and interpret).
In problem solving it is good to look back (check and interpret)..  
Basically, check to see if you used all your information and that the answer makes sense. 
In order to remove its bugs and its hidden problems and glitches.
We do not want our solution to have unsolved problems within it.
 If your answer does check out, make sure that you write your final answer with the correct labeling.
